hey everybody so this is going to be a
collective haul video because I've been
acquiring quite a few things lately and
i figured i would share them um this is
all probably in the span of about two
weeks or so so i did not buy it all at
once um so I'm just going to go ahead
and get started if you have any
questions about any of the stuff I show
I'm just ask it in a comment and I will
be more than happy to answer it for you
so first i went to a store called oh I'm
hair stuck in my lip gloss I went to a
store called coals or how widespread
Cole's is but they sell like clothes and
shoes and bedding stuff stuff like that
so I am NOT one to wear heels or wedges
because i feel that i am already tall
I'm about 57 and I just feel like when I
wear heels and wedges they make me tower
over everybody and look like a giant
because i already am tall so that's why
I've kind of tried to stay away from
them um but I just really wanted a cute
pair of wedges and I'm just gonna try
and get over the fact that i'm tall and
when i wear wedges i'm even taller but
um oh well i'll look the shoes will look
cute in the process so i did find a pair
i just the ones i ended up getting our
by union bay and they look like this
they're just a neutral color that way i
figured i could wear them with more
stuff they just look like that yes and
um I wore them the other day which
brings me to my next product um like I
said I don't wear heels so I'm not used
to wearing them and I'm not used to
breaking them in and getting blisters so
those did give me a little bit of Lister
on my toes so I went and bought some um
jelly stuff to cut and then
so they don't give me blisters and this
was actually a clearance at target for a
dollar ninety-eight um next from kohls I
bought this necklace from candies and
candies at kohl's has really cute
jewelry I love buying their jewelry
because it's all really cute um I bought
this gold like a gold chain with three
different lengths and it's got some
purple or not purple pink and coral
beads on it and this was sixteen dollars
but it was fifty percent off so i ended
up paying eight and the shoes were 2999
and they also come in black to you if
anyone's interested um then I wanted to
get some jean shorts some new ones just
because all the ones i have are from
hollister and um i don't know if any of
you I'm sure somebody you are familiar
with hollister but their shorts are like
they're not even shorts they're so short
you feel like you're wearing underwear
it's ridiculous and I'll go comfortable
all the time walking around in shorts
that um almost show my butt cheeks so I
wanted some new ones and I remember
seeing these at forever 21 when I went
on my last haul when I showed y'all
answer um so I wanted to go back and of
course I waited too long because they
were on sale but they did have on one
left in my size which I didn't even know
my size cuz forever 21 goes by waist
size not by regular size like 123 they
go by like 25 26 24 so if any of you are
wondering like I was myself if you wear
around a 0 or a 1 you will be a 24 or
approximately a 24 if you don't feel
like trying stuff on it forever 21 I got
these shorts they're just cinder shorts
and they're cuffed at the bottom and
they were 1050 but they were on sale for
seven
I got these shorts for seven hours and
they're pretty good length or kind of
longer than the hollister once I can
feel more comfortable in these then at
Target or no that's hard over this
limits I was in TJ maxx the other night
and this wallet just popped out of me
and I was like I had to have that just
because it was so cute it's this hot
pink wallet it was studs on it and it
was only 999 and I just really liked the
color and i liked the stunts and it came
with this too so it could kind of be
turn into a clutch that that was 999 at
TJ maxx then from target I got um I
might return this bag haven't decided
yet but it's just I don't know I liked
it in the store but it's really shiny
and I just when I put my stuff in and it
just looked catchy I don't know and
behaving like laptop carrying bag but I
don't know but it's this big bag and
it's purple and it's leopard print and
it's just black on the inside big I
guess would be like a good beach bag um
but it was unclear in store ten dollars
I think about that then I got this um
bathing suit cover-up but I guess it
could kind of also be worn as a dress
but it's like black and it has paint
splatter and it matches my gaming suit
which is why the reason why I bought it
this looks like that and like I said my
bathing suits the same kind of pattern
kinda and this was on clearance for 448
I got that regular 1799 then I got these
two t-shirts um once the navy blue and
it's got sunglasses on it and they're
kind of wrinkly because they were in the
dirt
close because i wanted i was going to
wash them and i want to show you guys so
i went and dug them out so that is why
they are wrinkly once again always
always always wash your stuff before you
wear it from stores I mean yes it's new
it's lies the tag on it but you do not
realize how many people have tried this
on and if you think about it that's
really nasty that this has been on a
bunch of bodies so I always always
always wash my stuff before I wear it
but it's this navy shirt and it's got
sunglasses on it looks like that and
then i have this gray one that has like
a purple and turquoise bicycle they're
just nice cute summary t-shirts and
these are on clearance um they were only
two dollars each so i got all these
shirts for two dollars so that's my
collective haul okay so here's the
necklace that i bought just so you can
see what it looks like on ok so here's
shirt one what the sunglasses and here
is the bicycle one ok and then here are
the shoes you know it's not the most
appropriate outfit to tell them on with
but just so you can see what they look
like sorry for that is this shoot
there's the front